Introduce stability annotation indicator for contributors (#7549)
mlflow/mlflow: CONTRIBUTING.md

change, feel free to ask an MLflow committer or community member for
input.

In particular, any Python APIs within MLflow that are designated with the
annotation `@developer_stable` are **strictly enforced** to be backwards
compatible. Any contribution that adds features, modifies behavior, or
otherwise changes the functionality within the scope of these classes,

> functions, or methods will be closely scrutinized by maintainers. A
> request during a PR submission to validate that the change is compatible
> with prior versions of the MLflow client, server or cli may be requested
> as a requirement prior to merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions, or methods will be closely reviewed by maintainers. A
request during a PR submission to validate that the change is compatible
with prior versions of the MLflow client, server or cli may be requested
as a requirement prior to merging.
```

> In particular, any Python APIs within MLflow that are designated with the
> annotation `@developer_stable` are **strictly enforced** to be backwards
> compatible. Any contribution that adds features, modifies behavior, or
> otherwise changes the functionality within the scope of these classes,
> functions, or methods will be closely scrutinized by maintainers. A
> request during a PR submission to validate that the change is compatible
> with prior versions of the MLflow client, server or cli may be requested
> as a requirement prior to merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to public APIs, any Python APIs within MLflow that are designated with the
annotation `@developer_stable` must remain backwards compatible. Any contribution
that adds features, modifies behavior, or otherwise changes the functionality within the
scope of these classes or methods will be closely reviewed by maintainers, and additional
backwards compatibility testing may be requested.
```
